I've never seen him like this particular
one people are treating three hundred
thousand pound cards of their disposable
items you know just smacking him off
barriers and it's getting very
attritional anyhow I don't have down on
it it's the best race in the world I'm
absolutely privileged to be a part of it
ah it was it's so disappointing I'm glad
we finished and I'm very pleased that
John and monkey is just such a shame we
couldn't have carried on because we were
so close for right up until the middle
of the night the price then kind of got
to grips with the car and you just get
better each time so I'm doing the guy
just learn a bit more about it pretty
relaxed within the last thing which is
handy cloud
it's been a long long weekend but we
finished p20 with the second-highest 997
cup car which I'm over the moon about
for Chris and guy and Barry and the
whole of team Parker racing because it's
quite something to get a cup caster last
24 hours they known to have very
temperamental gear boxes and stuff goes
wrong and honestly we had a fault-free
race we replaced a splitter that was it
in 24 hours and and for us personally
that chassis that car has the third 24
hour race assented and I always wanted
it to finish one and it's done that now
so maybe it needs to be pensioned off
and just left all the grime on it and
suck in your shed something the guys
have learned a lot about the car and
it's all part of their development
program so gatto so it's been great in
that sense but you just see everyone
worked so hard on the build up to the
race and then the race week itself and
then you kind of dare to hope you're
going to get a reasonable finish and
then something completely random but
being driven into by somebody coming out
the pits yeah it wasn't even getting
tangled up with you know trying to
overtake someone it's just kind of just
one of those things and it all means all
the problems with a car stemmed from
from that one thing so i think we had
three different stops for three hours or
more because of that so after that it's
hard to sort of pick yourself up and get
back driving again but as soon as you
get in the car it's amazing realities
hey after you have to be on top of the
car the cars quite easy to drive in
terms of
but
to get the best answer you have to drive
it quite close to the limit
somebody asked me what if like I said we
know what if the top brass see if you
can do a cornering shot the corner looks
a little bit
that's why that from a 1250 ones so yeah
it's that that drains you we are going
to the carpet last session I actually
had to sort of G myself well get the
adrenaline going get a bit of pace lap
then they kind of work I can personally
up admin understand or just couldn't do
I just
I didn't enjoy the graveyard I did a
double between about 2 30 and 5 30 and
there was a massive off in the foxhole
ER than have you saw that there was a
something that burnt like a mini that
burn when you come down and you see a
car just burning and you don't know
whether the person's out of it or any
taught you you know the neck that's the
slowest like you'll ever do after that
first message I got my electric it's
because there is a car on fire in the
coxal and that pretty much sexy just
cause
I'm debri everywhere
oh that section
you think you know the circuit
sorry turns the lights and slight spike
from the power goes and you're living
you know where everything is the flowing
plumbing good chatting on a balcony on
something so you have to sound lean a
little margin here their summer crop
freshman drivers slow down at all ? I
always think it's a great privilege to
be driving a car around here as the Sun
comes up but Kate wasn't a clear day
today but just as the life appears it's
amazing and the plan was to just keep
going so we were we weren't using for
revs all the time so we could go 9900
instead of eight
they've all just taught it up in the end
I was 16 extra laps around pets
really made a mistake just kept going
round and round we put our pro driver
for a long stint at the end got two more
places brilliant right thing to do I
think I'll sleep like a baby tonight
although I am obviously going to go and
get completely abolished and make fool
of myself really spray going to take out
the later yeah want to be back next year
now so if we get some betel up hopefully
yeah cool I'm gonna have a beer now
thank you very much